card-stacks/src/prompts2.md, before:


before responding to the following query, outline the task and its assumptions step-by-step

extend the cardhand component to add the following drag and drop functionality 
the container where the cards in the cardhand resides is a drop zone
dropping cards onto that drop zone causes the cards to be inserted into the hand
the position to insert the card into is the closest card (horizontally) to where the mouse dropped the card




feature request: 
extend the cardhand component to add the following drag and drop functionality 
the container where the cards in the cardhand resides is a drop zone
dropping cards onto that drop zone causes the cards to be inserted into the hand
the position to insert the card into is the closest card (horizontally) to where the mouse dropped the card


>	analyze the existing architecture, coding patterns, file organization, and naming conventions already established in the project;  respond with your analysis in paragraph form

>	summarize your understanding of the following feature request within the context of the project at a high-level; respond with your summary in paragraph form

>	break down the feature request into simpler more approachable conceptual units;  respond in paragraph form

>	come up with a step-by-step outline for how you would approach implementing the feature while ensuring your additions maintain consistency with the existing project conventions;  respond with your approach in paragraph form using natural language not code

>	identify how your proposed changes will interact with the rest of the system; respond in paragraph form

>	enumerate a final step-by-step approach to implementing the changes into the codebase and what each step would need to take into consideration; respond in paragraph form

>	begin implementing the changes in sequence one step at a time;  respond with the final artifact of the file being modified, and only modify one file at a time



>	begin implementing the changes in sequence;  respond with artifacts with proper filenames fi



interesting, it didn't use the structural pattern 



how can you structure your proposed changes to maintain consistency with similar features in the codebase
how would your proposed changes interact with the rest of the system





#	this worked

>	analyze the existing architecture, coding patterns, file organization, and naming conventions already established in the project;  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code

feature request: 
extend the cardhand component to add the following drag and drop functionality 
the container where the cards in the cardhand resides is a drop zone
dropping cards onto that drop zone causes the cards to be inserted into the hand
the position to insert the card into is the closest card (horizontally) to where the mouse dropped the card

>	summarize your understanding of the given feature request within the context of the project at a high-level; respond in paragraph form in natural language not code

>	break down the feature request into simpler more approachable conceptual units;  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code 

>	come up with a step-by-step outline for how you would approach implementing the feature while ensuring your additions maintain consistency with the existing project conventions;  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code, be as verbose and detailed as possible 

>	begin implementing the changes;  respond with the artifacts with proper filenames corresponding to the files being changed




feature request:
i'd like to be able to layout board components in App.jsx similar to how boards are layed out in Previous.jsx
a top row consisting of board objects in a row, rotated 180 degrees, taking up 40% of the viewport height
a bottom row consisting of a board object taking 60% of the viewport height





---



#	this worked


context: 
these files make up my current project except BoardReferenceFile
BoardReferenceFile contains styling for the component layout i'm trying to mirror


>	explain the intention of the given feature request within the context of the project at a high-level.  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code

feature request:
modify the project so that the rows of each board are proportionally the same as the styling in BoardReferenceFile
additionally, style the cards so they take up a proportion of their container size similar to how it is done in BoardReferenceFile

>	break down the feature request into simpler more approachable conceptual units;  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code and be as verbose and detailed as possible

#	repeat after assumption analysis step if necessary 
>	come up with a step-by-step outline of how and where you would structure your changes to implement this feature to ensure your additions maintain consistency with the existing project organization and conventions.  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code, be as verbose and detailed as possible

>	the purpose of this query is to identify if the proposed changes are feasible given the current application architecture. 
	analyze each step of your approach for the assumptions it makes about the project, the feature's intention and scope, and the impact the changes will have on the rest of the system;  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code, be as verbose and detailed as possible


>	begin implementing the changes; respond with the artifacts with proper filenames corresponding to the files being added or changed
	when adding new comments, maintain the '/* comment */' notation but in all uppercase 

>	provide the final app.jsx file as an artifact







summarize the intention and background assumptions


lets refine this claude approach
it's too long and will result in rate limits and prompt overloading



#	query 1
respond in paragraph form in natural language not code
1.	state the intent of the feature request within the context of the project
2.	break the feature down into approachable conceptual units
3.	state the implicit assumptions made about the project in the feature request
4.	the impact the feature will have on the rest of the system 
5.	assess whether the scope of the feature request is too large with justification

feature request:
currently there are dark gray regions below the player's hand regions that shouldn't be there
the player hand should take up 25% of the board
the left and right rows should take up the next 25% of the board
and the top row should take up the remaining 50% of that player's board
there shouldn't be an additional dark gray region at the bottom -- i'm not sure why that's there
the feature should remove this dark gray row region



#	query 2
outline how you would approach implementing this feature step-by-step to ensure the changes maintain consistency with the existing project organization
respond in paragraph form in natural language not code, and make reference to where in the project each change would need to be made


#	query 3
implement the changes
respond with the artifacts with properfilenames corresponding to the files being changed
when adding comments, maintain the `/* comment */` notation but in all upercase





analyze the organizational and structural design of the application 



Think step by step and show reasoning for complex problems.



```
You are an autoregressive language model that has been fine-tuned with instruction-tuning and RLHF.  You carefully provide accurate, factual, thoughtful, nuanced answers, and are brilliant at reasoning.  If you think there might not be a correct answer, you say so.
Since you are autoregressive, each token you produce is another opportunity to use computation, therefore you always spend a few sentences explaining background context assumptions and step-by-step thinking BEFORE you try to answer a question.
Don't be verbose in your answers, but do provide details and examples where it might help the explanation.  Don't respond in lists, but use paragraphs instead.

Output requirements:
<Relevant Context>
<Assumptions>
<Step-by-step Resposne>
```

---



explain the given feature request within the context of the application

explain what the given feature request means in-terms of im




context:
i'm implementing a commander format magic the gathering card game user interface
i've implemented a player board component, now i'd like to extend the application to be able to display up to 4 

feature request:
extend the user interface to consist of 4 boards
the top 40% of the viewport should be a row of 3 boards rotated 180degrees 
the bottom 60% of the viewport should be a singular board
it will appear as though there were a row of 3 boards facing one bigger board
this represents one player's perspective -- they see three other player's boards
other players will see the same layout, except their boardstate will be displayed in the larger bottom region instead
the height of cards within the rows should be 60% of the height of the row they are in, so cards in the larger top row of the board will appear larger (currently, i think the card heights are hardcoded)
players will be able to drag and drop cards across different boards

scope:
focus solely on implementing the multi-board layout, but take into consideration the additional features yet to come
do not implement drag and drop across boards, but ensure the design facilitates its the future implementation 

task:
identify the singular core intent of the feature request and its scope, then decompose the it into more approachable conceptual units
explain in paragraph form in natural language, not code


outline how you would approach implementing this feature step-by-step in order to maintain consistency with the existing project's control flow and style
explain in paragraph form in natural language, not code


begin implementing the changes, ensuring to document the purpose and intention behind each change made within the artifacts you create

Commit message:

decompose BoardState.jsx into three files

card-stacks/src/prompts2.md, after:


before responding to the following query, outline the task and its assumptions step-by-step

extend the cardhand component to add the following drag and drop functionality 
the container where the cards in the cardhand resides is a drop zone
dropping cards onto that drop zone causes the cards to be inserted into the hand
the position to insert the card into is the closest card (horizontally) to where the mouse dropped the card




feature request: 
extend the cardhand component to add the following drag and drop functionality 
the container where the cards in the cardhand resides is a drop zone
dropping cards onto that drop zone causes the cards to be inserted into the hand
the position to insert the card into is the closest card (horizontally) to where the mouse dropped the card


>	analyze the existing architecture, coding patterns, file organization, and naming conventions already established in the project;  respond with your analysis in paragraph form

>	summarize your understanding of the following feature request within the context of the project at a high-level; respond with your summary in paragraph form

>	break down the feature request into simpler more approachable conceptual units;  respond in paragraph form

>	come up with a step-by-step outline for how you would approach implementing the feature while ensuring your additions maintain consistency with the existing project conventions;  respond with your approach in paragraph form using natural language not code

>	identify how your proposed changes will interact with the rest of the system; respond in paragraph form

>	enumerate a final step-by-step approach to implementing the changes into the codebase and what each step would need to take into consideration; respond in paragraph form

>	begin implementing the changes in sequence one step at a time;  respond with the final artifact of the file being modified, and only modify one file at a time



>	begin implementing the changes in sequence;  respond with artifacts with proper filenames fi



interesting, it didn't use the structural pattern 



how can you structure your proposed changes to maintain consistency with similar features in the codebase
how would your proposed changes interact with the rest of the system





#	this worked

>	analyze the existing architecture, coding patterns, file organization, and naming conventions already established in the project;  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code

feature request: 
extend the cardhand component to add the following drag and drop functionality 
the container where the cards in the cardhand resides is a drop zone
dropping cards onto that drop zone causes the cards to be inserted into the hand
the position to insert the card into is the closest card (horizontally) to where the mouse dropped the card

>	summarize your understanding of the given feature request within the context of the project at a high-level; respond in paragraph form in natural language not code

>	break down the feature request into simpler more approachable conceptual units;  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code 

>	come up with a step-by-step outline for how you would approach implementing the feature while ensuring your additions maintain consistency with the existing project conventions;  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code, be as verbose and detailed as possible 

>	begin implementing the changes;  respond with the artifacts with proper filenames corresponding to the files being changed




feature request:
i'd like to be able to layout board components in App.jsx similar to how boards are layed out in Previous.jsx
a top row consisting of board objects in a row, rotated 180 degrees, taking up 40% of the viewport height
a bottom row consisting of a board object taking 60% of the viewport height





---



#	this worked


context: 
these files make up my current project except BoardReferenceFile
BoardReferenceFile contains styling for the component layout i'm trying to mirror


>	explain the intention of the given feature request within the context of the project at a high-level.  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code

feature request:
modify the project so that the rows of each board are proportionally the same as the styling in BoardReferenceFile
additionally, style the cards so they take up a proportion of their container size similar to how it is done in BoardReferenceFile

>	break down the feature request into simpler more approachable conceptual units;  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code and be as verbose and detailed as possible

#	repeat after assumption analysis step if necessary 
>	come up with a step-by-step outline of how and where you would structure your changes to implement this feature to ensure your additions maintain consistency with the existing project organization and conventions.  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code, be as verbose and detailed as possible

>	the purpose of this query is to identify if the proposed changes are feasible given the current application architecture. 
	analyze each step of your approach for the assumptions it makes about the project, the feature's intention and scope, and the impact the changes will have on the rest of the system;  respond in paragraph form in natural language not code, be as verbose and detailed as possible


>	begin implementing the changes; respond with the artifacts with proper filenames corresponding to the files being added or changed
	when adding new comments, maintain the '/* comment */' notation but in all uppercase 

>	provide the final app.jsx file as an artifact







summarize the intention and background assumptions


lets refine this claude approach
it's too long and will result in rate limits and prompt overloading



#	query 1
respond in paragraph form in natural language not code
1.	state the intent of the feature request within the context of the project
2.	break the feature down into approachable conceptual units
3.	state the implicit assumptions made about the project in the feature request
4.	the impact the feature will have on the rest of the system 
5.	assess whether the scope of the feature request is too large with justification

feature request:
currently there are dark gray regions below the player's hand regions that shouldn't be there
the player hand should take up 25% of the board
the left and right rows should take up the next 25% of the board
and the top row should take up the remaining 50% of that player's board
there shouldn't be an additional dark gray region at the bottom -- i'm not sure why that's there
the feature should remove this dark gray row region



#	query 2
outline how you would approach implementing this feature step-by-step to ensure the changes maintain consistency with the existing project organization
respond in paragraph form in natural language not code, and make reference to where in the project each change would need to be made


#	query 3
implement the changes
respond with the artifacts with properfilenames corresponding to the files being changed
when adding comments, maintain the `/* comment */` notation but in all upercase





analyze the organizational and structural design of the application 



Think step by step and show reasoning for complex problems.



```
You are an autoregressive language model that has been fine-tuned with instruction-tuning and RLHF.  You carefully provide accurate, factual, thoughtful, nuanced answers, and are brilliant at reasoning.  If you think there might not be a correct answer, you say so.
Since you are autoregressive, each token you produce is another opportunity to use computation, therefore you always spend a few sentences explaining background context assumptions and step-by-step thinking BEFORE you try to answer a question.
Don't be verbose in your answers, but do provide details and examples where it might help the explanation.  Don't respond in lists, but use paragraphs instead.

Output requirements:
<Relevant Context>
<Assumptions>
<Step-by-step Resposne>
```

---



explain the given feature request within the context of the application

explain what the given feature request means in-terms of im




context:
i'm implementing a commander format magic the gathering card game user interface
i've implemented a player board component, now i'd like to extend the application to be able to display up to 4 

feature request:
extend the user interface to consist of 4 boards
the top 40% of the viewport should be a row of 3 boards rotated 180degrees 
the bottom 60% of the viewport should be a singular board
it will appear as though there were a row of 3 boards facing one bigger board
this represents one player's perspective -- they see three other player's boards
other players will see the same layout, except their boardstate will be displayed in the larger bottom region instead
players will be able to drag and drop cards across different boards

scope:
focus solely on the multi-board layout, but take into consideration the additional features yet to come
do not implement drag and drop across boards, but ensure the design facilitates its the future implementation 

task:
identify main intent of the feature request and its scope in one sentence, then briefly decompose the it into more approachable logical units; only mention things specifically within the scope of the feateure request (this excludes nice-to-haves)
respond in paragraph form in natural language, not code


outline how you would approach implementing the feature you just mentioned step-by-step in order to maintain consistency with the existing project's control flow and style
explain in numbered separated paragraph form in natural language, not code

analyze your previous approach for redundancy, unnecessary complexity, and overengineering; then provide your updated approach that optimizes for simplicity, ease, readability
respond in numbered separated paragraph form in natural language, not code

begin implementing your proposed changes from the [previous response] [step-by-step] 
respond with artifacts with proper filenames




outline how you would approach [decomposing boardstate.jsx] step-by-step in order to maintain consistency with the existing project's control flow and style
explain in numbered separated paragraph form in natural language, not code
